refactor: local registry (#798)
code-pushup/cli: tools/src/npm/README.md

**Options:**

| Name                 | Type                   | Default                     | Description                                     |
| -------------------- | ---------------------- | --------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------- |
| `verbose`            | `boolean`              | `false`                     | Log additional information.                     |
| `tsconfig`           | `string`               | `tools/tsconfig.tools.json` | The tsconfig file to use.                       |
| `npmCheckScript`     | `string`               | `check-package-range.ts`    | The script to execute when checking a package.  |
| `publishableTargets` | `string` or `string[]` | `["publishable"]`           | The targets that mark a project as publishable. |

Example:

```jsonc
// nx.json
{
  //...
  "plugins": [
    {
      "plugin": "tools/npm/npm.plugin.ts",
      "options": {
        "tsconfig": "tools/tsconfig.tools.json",
        "npmCheckScript": "check-package-range.ts",
        "publishableTargets": ["add-to-npm-registry"]
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

### Targets

> [!NOTE]

> > A project can be marked as publishable by owning target included in ``

Author: added

> ### Targets
> 
> > [!NOTE]
> > A project can be marked as publishable by owning target included in `project.json`
> > Default is`publishable`.

Reviewer: These docs need to be updated now that tags are used instead of targets.

```suggestion
### Nx tags

> [!NOTE]
> A project can be marked as publishable using `tags` in `project.json`.
> Default tag name is `publishable`.
```
